hello everyone today we're cooking to
tehran and salsa verde to start we're
going to melt about one finger of Lord
in a hot pot this recipe is one of the
villages in Mexico for tacos burritos
and gorditas add the pork previously cut
in small slices and stir constantly
until you see them turning old white
season with salt garlic powder pepper
and some fine hurts if you have mix it
well and add one cup of water put a lead
and cook and medium for about 35 minutes
check it constantly to make sure that it
has enough water add if necessary you
don't want to try the pork so to make
the salsas you can use the dehydrated
salsa or the ones that are already
prepared I'm using both today if you're
using the dehydrated one you will need
to use a bowl and add 1 cup of water
read directions in case is different the
ones that are ready to use don't need
anything else so I mixing this dude to
make about half liter of green salsa the
teacher on can be found in Germany as
finely clusen or pork skins as we know
them you will need about 100 grams so
now that you have cooked the poor for
about 35 minutes and all the juices are
gone make sure that the meat is tender
and soft so to finish we're going to mix
all the ingredients poor the poor skins
in a warm pan and cover with the green
salsa add the pork and mix everything
together and let it rest for about five
minutes it will be ready to serve when
the pork skins are soft you can serve
them in a plate or make tacos burritos
or gorditas I hope to enjoy it choose